Serenna Beers: Good morning.
Serenna Beers: Morning, how are you
iPad: Good, how are you
Serenna Beers: I'm good.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done a bio psychosocial before
iPad: Almost likely
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, it's where I ask you a bunch of questions. I kind of get to know you and then we talk about how often we need to meet for based on whatever your chart says, and it's just be for a way for your therapist to understand better ways to support you.
Serenna Beers: So, if you don't mind. A couple of them are a little intrusive and I apologize for that. But it's part of it. And so it's not that I'm thinking anything. It's just the questions that I have to ask
Serenna Beers: So tell me, what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
iPad: Oh, well I've been involved in the mat programs, since I've been home. I was gone for 17 years so I moved up here to reading be with my mother, and that's how I
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPad: Transferred from another place to break her
Serenna Beers: Okay. And when you say you were gone for 17 years. You mean you left the state or you live somewhere else.
iPad: Falls in prison.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And you've been out for how long now.
Serenna Beers: Or okay
Serenna Beers: Well, I'll that that was quite an adjustment.
iPad: It still this
iPad: Is it. Oh.
Serenna Beers: Gosh, um,
Serenna Beers: Tell me about your story with substances art, are you on the map program because of chronic pain are you recovering from opiate addiction.
Serenna Beers: I assume. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Can you tell me about like when you were first exposed as far as like how it had progressed and then at what point was it the worst.
iPad: Um, well, it started, you know, when I was 16 I started using meth. And then I went to prison. I was just turned 18
iPad: And I got to prison. I was all about heroin.
iPad: And
iPad: That's all I did.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: So at what point did you realize it became a prop prop problem that probably sounds like, you know, one should know that. But everybody's different. You know,
iPad: I think about four times going
Serenna Beers: OK. OK.
Serenna Beers: And I mean, personally, when I was getting into trouble with it I it didn't dawn on me that it had become an issue until you know I was where you were at not for as long, but I was still there. And I was like, How did I end up here like, Wow, I really, there's something wrong.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about any prior treatment history, either with mental health or substance abuse. Had you ever
Serenna Beers: Besides this sought help. Whether it's in a residential or an
iPad: Output. Oh yeah, I've been. I've been an inpatient for six months. I did. I've been an outpatient since I've been home.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Where did you go when you did the inpatient stay
iPad: I did.
iPad: Like three or four different rehabs
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Did you complete them all. Or had you like went through a phase of where you left and then you went back and then you
iPad: Level one. And then they said I needed to do another one.
iPad: And that's why
iPad: I've been
Working on
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
iPad: They will let me come home and I said good morning sir. Good morning, and graduated and they said, well, you got to know
iPad: And that's when it all.
iPad: Shit hit the fan.
Serenna Beers: Okay, but
iPad: I'm off of that now.
iPad: I'll throw not using
iPad: It for you. I'm at home. So that's what matters.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: It really does. Well, I just want to commend you and validate you
Serenna Beers: You know, it takes takes a lot, especially when you go from being instead of to analyze. I mean, I remember it took me five years to bounce back only after two years stand so I can't even imagine what it must have done for you after 17 years
Serenna Beers: So my hat is off to you as far as, you know, it takes
Serenna Beers: Takes a stronger person to do what we do and get get our lives back then it does somebody you know some average Joe off the street. It really does. So there's so much strength within you. Whether you realize it yet or not. They're really, really is.
Serenna Beers: Takes a strong person to sit where you sat. You know what I mean.
Yes.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me what growing up was like for you as far as like, what was your family life, like, Where were you adopted. Were you raised by both mom and dad you have brothers and sisters or your parents still together.
iPad: Um, I was mainly raised by my mother.
iPad: And, you know, step boyfriends were around my dad was in prison.
iPad: Okay, so, um, she
Serenna Beers: Uses as well.
iPad: Uh, probably, overall, you know,
iPad: We came down to I don't really know. He passed away when I write as soon as I got arrested.
iPad: My good nice so
iPad: Um, I don't really know.
iPad: Him.
But, uh,
iPad: My mom was awesome. She did the best she could, you know, and wasn't hers, the dudes in her life that affected me
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
iPad: You try to protect me from
iPad: Me. Oh.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Wish I could say I didn't, but I do
Serenna Beers: What about did anybody in your home. I did you, you didn't say whether you had brothers or sisters
iPad: Yes, I have two sisters
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what is your relationship like with them.
Serenna Beers: I'm pretty close. That's good. Yeah, support is everything in this in this deal when you're walking a life of recovery, because you know sobriety is a choice and anybody can make a choice to get off of the substances. But it's that lifestyle that has to change as you know
Serenna Beers: You have to not hang around the same people. You have to start to learn how to think differently.
Serenna Beers: The criminality has to go. I mean, all of those things. And those are things over the years that are just ingrained in you. Right. And so, learning how to live in society on societal terms to the best of our ability to be
Serenna Beers: for lack of better terms and
Serenna Beers: an upstanding citizen, you know, is is can be difficult, especially when you know you you you learn to
Serenna Beers: It's difficult because when you have a problem with authority and you're kind of, you know, just you're under the control of someone else. So I you know I can't even imagine support is everything. That's all.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so that's good.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, good.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about. Did anybody else in your in your immediate family, your sisters or your mom ever
Serenna Beers: struggle with mental health or substance abuse or food or gambling or shopping. Any, anything like that.
iPad: Um, my older sister suffers from Mental Health and Addiction. She's been clean for 12 years
Serenna Beers: Good for her.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right. Um, did you ever noticed growing up in any other type of addictive be hey beers from anybody did any like was anybody workaholic sex addiction shopping anything like like that.
iPad: And everybody just works partied on the weekends.
iPad: No mom mom mom didn't have no issue like that. It was just
iPad: It was just two guys around
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about tell me what school was like for you growing up, how
iPad: Can you make it. No you to
iPad: Know, I wish I could do it all over again. Now, but I'm not like it for some reason. I couldn't focus can concentrate. Okay.
iPad: I just anxious, all the time.
Um,
iPad: I made it to 11th grade. And then I got my GED. When I was in prison.
Serenna Beers: Okay, did you have any type of learning disability. Besides, lack of focus and is what was there ever a diagnosis.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
iPad: Couldn't have GOT ME TO A DOCTOR then
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: No matter how many kites that you flew right
Serenna Beers: Let's see, what else do I need to ask you. Tell me about it. Was there anything any events that stood out for you growing up.
Serenna Beers: Either you know with your family or with neighborhood kids or in school, you know, just anything that when you think back to your, to your childhood that you remember something that comes like flooding through a memory.
iPad: Like a good memory or bad remember
Serenna Beers: Either either. I just something that stood out, you know, I could name to memories that are really good. I could name, about five that are really bad, you know,
iPad: I guess might be bad. You know, when I think back when I was little, I just think of
iPad: being abused you know being beat up on some
iPad: Other than that.
iPad: That was, you know, didn't last that long. My mom goddess out of there quick when I started happening so
iPad: Yeah, that's really like when I think back to my childhood. That's what it brings me to
Serenna Beers: Okay, and what about
Serenna Beers: Adjust my chair here. What about
Serenna Beers: Did you ever serve in the military. I'm going to guess. No, no, but I gotta ask, and do you have any financial or legal issues that you're concerned about at this time.
iPad: I'm just trying to job.
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah that's that's a whole nother like conversation right and this time.
iPad: That interview yesterday, so that's good.
Serenna Beers: Did you were at
iPad: It's a the TA the truck stop of America up here.
Okay.
iPad: Or
Cleaning
iPad: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Good, good.
Serenna Beers: Job is good for you.
iPad: If I know somebody that works somewhere and they can speak up for me that's only way I can get work, you know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so that
iPad: The years in the background. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
iPad: I'll have no sexual crimes or no, nothing like that. Mine is burglary, but still they run my name.
iPad: Yeah, all the ship POPS UP YOU
iPad: Know,
iPad: I just don't ever get a call back
Serenna Beers: Yeah, that that makes it very
Serenna Beers: tiresome, you know, very, very, very rough
Serenna Beers: Yeah, it really does. It takes a lot out of you, because it's a form of rejection. It's like you spent enough time paying for what you did. And now you're out and you're trying to make a better life for yourself and then you've got this like
Serenna Beers: Whole like hamster hamster wheel going inside your mind, you know, gosh, is this really what life's always going to be like where I'm always having a fight to to get what I want out of life.
Serenna Beers: But you gotta hang on. You really do.
Serenna Beers: You know, I, if you would have told me, I've been clean since sep tember 30th of oh five. And if you would have told me that I'd
Serenna Beers: End up being a therapist, let alone have a job or a bank account. You know, I couldn't have a bank account for a lot of years because my crimes were, you know, not, not good. And they involve the bank so I couldn't get even a checking account for like seven years and
Serenna Beers: People look at your record, and they think, you know, I don't know if I want her working for me. She's got, you know, some pretty
Serenna Beers: Nasty felonies on there. And so, you know, it really does something to your self esteem. But you have to remember that that was not you. This is not you now that was you, then, and no matter what, or no matter how somebody judges you, you know, I don't know if you have faith or not, but
Serenna Beers: If you do, you know, there's only one judge and it's your higher power and nobody else has the right to
Serenna Beers: judge you, but that takes time, right, that takes time to really let that sink in that really, it's not anybody else's business or it's not up to anybody else to create your happiness and your happy ending. It's really up to you. So I applaud you for you just got to keep going. Right.
iPad: Now,
iPad: With no cigarettes today.
Serenna Beers: Oh, you are
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Wow. Wow. That's in and of itself is something to brag about. Holy crap. So are you like
Serenna Beers: Are you irritable, or are you bitchy or yeah
iPad: Or yeah, I'm sweating, your energy.
iPad: I'm using the patches also. Oh, good.
iPad: But he's helping
Serenna Beers: Tell me, what made you want to do that.
iPad: I was watching TV with my mom and the stupid commercial came on and just rang my bell
iPad: About this guy haven't heart cancer or some from smoking and his wife said something like, you know,
iPad: If he's hurting or something. I don't. I just something. There's a commercial
Serenna Beers: Something happened. Yeah.
iPad: Everything and you so I'm going to stop.
iPad: And that was it. I wouldn't bought a box of patches and
Serenna Beers: Wow. See, look at your strength.
Serenna Beers: That's why I am proud of you and hopefully when I check back in with you that I i'm going to hear that you're still going. But here's what I want to say to you, okay, because, as you know, especially us recovering addicts. Nobody can beat us up better than we beat ourselves up like
Serenna Beers: Literally, nobody, nobody can tear my self worth down better than me. And with that negative self talk
Serenna Beers: Even after 14 and a half years. I can get into my head and I am the worst mother. Look what I did to my older kids. How could I do that. Look at the way I think I'm crazy. I mean, all kinds of shit, you know that you
Serenna Beers: Think about yourself. And so you have to really just rise above that. And remember that if you fall it's okay because as long as you're trying you're moving forward. And that's what you want to do is always have that forward motion, even if you stumble along the way. Okay.
Serenna Beers: So I just want to encourage you there. Are you in a relationship at this time.
Serenna Beers: No. Do you have any kids.
Serenna Beers: Nope, okay. And you said you live with mom.
Serenna Beers: Yep. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me.
Serenna Beers: Frank what you what you hope to maybe get out of being with with us, maybe, maybe some skills or some some things that you want to work on things I can help you with to support you. I
iPad: Have a hard time communicating
iPad: Okay, there's something I need to work on you.
iPad: Um,
iPad: I just
iPad: I just, I'm just finding myself so so
Okay.
iPad: You know, every day is a battle really yeah yeah it's worse up there than it is out here, but I just hope to maintain my
iPad: Sobriety and stay alive and be with my family.
iPad: Yeah, I couldn't do it without being on my meds. So at this point, you know,
Serenna Beers: Tell me, tell me the meds that they had, have you on
iPad: Right now what am i right now.
iPad: I'm on the tutor and
iPad: My subjects.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What do they have you on the lead two to four. I know that's a
iPad: Mom diagnosed as bipolar.
Now,
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What happens when you when you go into a bipolar episode, are you more manic or you more depressive
iPad: More depressive
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPad: Once in a while I get a little manic, I haven't. I did the other day. Um, when I first started squint and I went nuts in your garage, but
Serenna Beers: Laughing Because
Serenna Beers: I understand I'm
Serenna Beers: Not laughing at you I'm laughing with you.
iPad: I totally get it.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPad: I get. I get more
iPad: Like a hermit, you know, and just student
iPad: But it's real loud. Up here, you know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, they have this video the other day I sometimes watch, there's this lady that I watch and she's called juggling the Jenkins.
Serenna Beers: And she's so funny. And she's a recovering addict, just like us. I, I really like to stay close to
Serenna Beers: I call it. My people and My people are those that are, you know, going through the same thing as anybody who's in re recovery. The struggle is real. It really, really is.
Serenna Beers: And I think the biggest problem is we get in the way of ourselves because of those voices and she does this skit. It's hilarious and it talks about so she has all these different voices. So it shows different clips of her but she's portraying depression isolation anxiety.
Serenna Beers: There was another one, anger, fear, it's so freaking funny and I laugh because
Serenna Beers: That's an everyday battle, even after all this, this, this time, but coming to a place of where I can just accept me for who I am.
Serenna Beers: Because let's face it, we do a lot of damage when we do drugs we mess up our brain to think that we're, we're going to come out smelling like a rose, and there was no damage done is is is irrational, in and of itself. Right.
Serenna Beers: And and and so that's one of the things you know i don't know what kinds of things that you do to keep yourself going
Serenna Beers: But I would recommend honestly finding something to stay out of that to stay on your head to quiet those voices, because you've either got the recovery voice or you've got the attic voice and they're always battling they just sit right right here. They're just chatting away.
Older
Serenna Beers: And obviously you listen to the one that's the loudest so you need to feed the one that you want to hear you know if you want to
Serenna Beers: Be in that nasty place you feed all the negative self talk, you know, you know, I do weird stuff like right on my
Serenna Beers: Mirror still, you know, I love me, you know, I'm the best that that I that I can be all those
Serenna Beers: silly things, but those silly, silly things really do make a difference because it's really about trying to find a place of homeostasis, which is balance.
Serenna Beers: And folks in early recovery just really struggle with the balance, you're either all the way over here.
Serenna Beers: Or you're all the way over here. There's no like in the middle, you know, and so I would really just caught caution you, and I believe that you said that you are helping to take care of your mom. Right. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So, you know, you have to make sure that you're really trying to take care of yourself, Frank, because your self care is absolutely vital in this battle, as you know, right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so
Serenna Beers: And part of that is taking care of your health. And it sounds like you're really starting to like really take the bull by the horns. And so I just, I really want to just wish you the best on your journey and get giving up nicotine.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so you said communicating and then you said something else. I forget after that.
iPad: Uh, just finding me you know where I fit. I don't know. I'm just lost. Okay.
Serenna Beers: When you say I am just last
Serenna Beers: Is it like you're going through your day and all. And all of a sudden you'll just kind of sit and you'll think to yourself,
Serenna Beers: What am I
Serenna Beers: What am what what's happening here, is this really my life.
iPad: Every day.
Serenna Beers: Every day. Yep.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, do you journal at all. I'm sure you've learned about that.
iPad: Yeah but and but I haven't been
Okay.
iPad: There's been at home, we're in the process of moving houses so
iPad: Okay, packing.
Serenna Beers: Busy with that stuff.
iPad: Keep library cell. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, well, I'm going to put a little star by that because I want to recommend that. And the reason I say that is because even after all this time.
Serenna Beers: I'm pretty consistent I journal, at least four to five times a week. If I don't, it's because I'm so tired from work or just because I just, I just don't, but I still do it four to five times.
iPad: A week
Serenna Beers: And it really does help. It helps get what's going on up here out
Serenna Beers: So that you can sleep restfully even if you just journal a sentence Journaling is a way, it's another form of your brain releasing toxicity. That's kind of going on up here.
Serenna Beers: And that's a huge help. Because when you feel rested, you're more productive and more productive and more ways than just being alert your productive in your mind. You know you. It's like a form of D cluttering I might have days where I journaled four and five.
Serenna Beers: Pages, I might have days where I just say today was a good day and and and that's it. And I might draw my little rainbow or my stick folks, or I might, you know, but it's just it's
Serenna Beers: It's staying in that habit of writing things down so that it doesn't clutter my mind and it allows me for my system to reboot. You know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. So I am going to just write that down. I get that you're moving
Serenna Beers: But I short, I assure you it takes five minutes. And if you can sit in your in your bed at night and watch TV or scroll on your phone or whatever you do, you can give the gift of your to yourself of five minutes of relieving yourself from all this stuff that's flying around up here, right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, they say the research shows we have what is it like 60,000 thoughts, a day and I can't even wrap my mind around that.
Serenna Beers: Because a lot of them are on the subconscious level to, you know, I mean, gosh. Let's not even start with that brain. You know that cluster.
Serenna Beers: Just the ones we consciously think think about, I could understand five or 600. I mean, I'm thinking all day long, even, you know, as I sit here with with you I'm I am present with you. But there might be other thoughts that are just kind of filter in you know about
Serenna Beers: What's next, what am I
Serenna Beers: You know what I'm saying. So journaling helps with that is what my, my point is, so, um,
Serenna Beers: And let me take a look at. I have what they have in your chart as far as when I'm supposed to see you are you are you somewhat new to us here.
iPad: Uh, yeah, I think this is my first month
Serenna Beers: Okay.
You guys
Serenna Beers: Let me make sure I just want to make sure that they didn't assign you another therapist, and I was just put on to do your
Serenna Beers: Your bio psychosocial nope I'm your therapist and your physician is dr fig.
Serenna Beers: And
iPad: This is the number that I call you on all the time.
Serenna Beers: Yes, but when you and I schedule an appointment so keep it because this is my personal zoom. But you always have to go through the virtual clinic.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, because if you don't, then, then I'll have to send you back. And so they like send me a slack. They send me a little note.
Serenna Beers: Hey Frank m just check, check, check, Dan. So then I'll open my, my, zoom, but yes. Keep that number because that'll be the one that you use when you when you and I do individual sessions. Okay, so it says that I need to meet with you at minimum twice a month. So does that does that work.
iPad: Yeah.
iPad: I might be getting a job. So I might have to change up my times but
iPad: Okay. Oh, yeah. That works.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well let me go back to see what I have on the
Serenna Beers: Sorry if you hear that noise, they're painting the outside of my apartment very annoying.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so it'd be for the 22nd. Let me just take a look at what I've got going on.
Serenna Beers: I like to always make the appointments, before I get off the phone so that way you have it. I have it and there's no mistake, and we can go from there. Are you up early. Is it, is this a good time for you.
iPad: Yeah, I'm early
iPad: Early riser.
Serenna Beers: Yep, I'm with even if I go to bed late I'm I don't know about you, it's just, it's that biological clock, you get can condition right
iPad: Now it's hard for me to sleep.
iPad: Now, maybe like two hours a night.
Serenna Beers: Ah, goodness, you got to sleep more than that. Well, maybe through the
Serenna Beers: Course of
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I know that committee. You gotta shut that stuff down
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what I'll do is I will send a note to the virtual clinic letting them know to put you on my books for the 22nd of May. Okay, and then I will look forward to seeing you on the 22nd at eight at 888 am
iPad: Eating or I
Serenna Beers: Am alright. Until then you take care of yourself and just remember every day that you're able to do this thing called life, you should be celebrating because it's hard, and it takes a stronger man or woman to do what we do not a weaker one, remember that.
Serenna Beers: All right, again in a couple weeks. Okay, bye bye